hi guys are welcome to a bit and eighty
seven pairs I have made a massive
massive error I priya played the game
footage and fought the seasons as you
seen midweek thinking that some Team of
the Year agents were going to get
released on Thursday that did not in
fact happen and we were left with the
normal ones which is that what we're
gonna go far today guys try and get some
decent normal players it's a shame
because about a non I would have
recorded on the Wednesday and then we
would have achieve in the team of the
year agent opening for this weekend so
fortunately stuck with this now we can
try and hit over 250 likes guys that'd
be awesome subscribe to channel if
you're not and let's start off with the
goalkeepers are actually gonna and
actually going to go we're gonna go 1 2
4 so what we're gonna do is go one two
three four 1234 1234 and then that's was
done for that this agent open as you can
see guys the look is really really bad
there's a chance to get in to black
balls out of all of them and I can't
seals getting a one black ball okay well
that did not come to didn't I expect
that to happen and we end up getting Tim
Howard as our first their elite ball
today 83 rated goalkeeper not that bad
and I'll send him to the club anyway but
I'm not expecting to get anyone good
just because of how well you see what
the agent openings are like we've Team
of the Year agent openings you're more
than likely going to get some decent
decent players and they're obviously
you're very very limited in what you can
do here so we're actually not getting
close to the elite balls now but maybe
we can get actually I don't think we
need any players together so I probably
shouldn't even be doing this but I
always promised you guys an edge and
opening for the weekend and that's
exactly what I'm doing so we're going to
open free em of each one including nice
so that's it for the midfield and
fingers crossed me maybe we can get an
eva him a bitch who knows but and a
completely fucked up a ton of what it
was and hopefully we can be back and why
is this one got free balls
I'm not complaining cuz we got a lead
ball but this one's got free and you
ever I've got two but who have we got
there who have we got there is that
Jordan motherfucking Henderson yes it is
so we got John Henderson to add to the
team a liverpool player and not about to
elite balls to my word and Henderson so
obviously a MERSEYSIDE a be getting off
here and we have Emma left after this
guy's I'm gonna call it they're not
going to spend too much on these and
well I'm just adding to what I'm hoping
for to be honest I'm and away we Jeff is
not going to get any players to put into
the team this week I can tell you that
for free unless I'm looking for the put
some low-rate your players in the team
or on the bench or something like that
so we get em pal church as well yep
definitely not going to be adding him to
the team so will that be getting rid of
these players not long afterwards so
we'll work our way back down will open
one more striker and then move down to
the defenders and goalkeeper game and
then move one more up and then that's
this walnut wrapped up so try and get it
done as soon as Ali ball elite ball was
close yeah he looks too young for a
beard on it cavenaghi is that no I don't
know if that work it's a it's at the
legend cat kavanah a drive gnomes any
name correctly too tired guys too tired
right so let's go to the midfield also
guys if you do log onto pro evolution
soccer my club now there is 10,000 GP
SAT there waiting for you as well and
which can use on contracts in there if
you want to open packs and sympathy move
the year which is back on Thursday as
you believe you got a good chance then
but and there's also double GP on
seasons as well so if you want to get
stacked up in GP guys now's the time to
do it and get some money saved up
instead of obviously wasting money which
I've been doing for that for the
foreseeable future well for the past in
the foreseeable future so this is a
probably a low chance we're gonna hit a
black ball here straight past at that
time I don't want to see it's Lord that
I slowed down way too fast that is
ridiculous so yep blackball avoided
again and let's skip this one dude oh no
is
Katherine yet water name what an am
sending to the club anyway and
goalkeeper we're gonna open we're just
not open this one girls got Buffon the
only better girl keep on the game I
think than Buffon is obviously manual
Maya who we're probably not gonna get
this agent open probably getting him and
I thought no one will end up getting him
actually hopefully during team of the
year these two weekends left of age
agent openings and that's four videos in
tall so that's the last hopefully
massive additions we can get to tea in
there so he's not getting a liter team
we're gonna go defender and then we're
gonna go a midfielder and I'm gonna call
it a guy so I feel like I am completely
just falling money down the drain the
moment that's not a good look I tell you
that for free not a good look so I'll
try and get one more lead ball before we
go totally skip past that so doubt we
are going to see in the late ball which
is a shame now I've completely messed up
guys i really should have recorded this
earlier but I didn't I misread the
information I thought it was four weeks
in ever and it ended up just being two
weeks in the war and then a week break
and yeah let's finish off of it with a
midfielder cuz we probably could try and
get a better midfielder in the Nasri I
don't know who liked her but how he
could happens let's skip this this
freely balls here why is a free in the
midfield and two in the rest it's like
this makes absolutely no sense well
that's frustrating we have got Mel ger a
Jew who I've never heard of so it's send
him to the club and one more on strikers
guys and I'm gonna call it a day and
we'll be back tomorrow with another
agent opening but if you don't see an
agent opening guys I've got man going
back two seasons and trying to rekindle
our love for well we're in division for
now so anything could happen he's going
to lead us boots is he a player good for
the team I don't think so no definitely
not so that is the end of the agent
opening guys we hope you enjoyed it drop
a like rating subscribe if you're not
and we'll about tomorrow maybe of an
average and opening or maybe with
Caesars depend on how I like to waste my
money so until next time see all that I
have very very nice there